Liz and so for those who are missing
movie theaters as much as I am in school
to see independent cinema pulled through
and try to help out theaters this movie
along with a bunch of others are
available for VOD purchases from a bunch
of digital retailers but a lot of
theaters are also hosting virtual
screenings which is pretty much the
independent studios being cool enough to
offer a way to go 5050
while everything shut down and it's a
way to support theaters because you know
universals out there trolling so what
better quarantine movie than the one
about the ultimate self isolating
community let me explain so we had just
covered by varium and the worries of
moving into your own place along with
all the societal norms that come with it
and the anxieties continue here this is
a super indie written directed edited
and lived by David marmar the genesis of
it really was my own personal
experiences when I moved to Los Angeles
in my 20s it was shot in like 15 days
there they a lost a production truck
while filming their location was a
running complex that had people going in
and out while they were doing their
stuff and on top of that they lost their
lead three days before filming this
other person we had was a lot more fussy
you know was asking if she could leave
early
like already to go learn stick fighting
or something or like stay here you to be
with that that said with the studio pick
out David got to cast his first pick the
night she arrived I think she still had
her like suitcase with her and we just
met and said hi you know hi I'm Dave hi
I'm Nicole and got to know each other a
little and then I think the next day we
had about a half day you know it's the
way these things go and this is always
the way with independent film you don't
you don't get what you want and you have
to make do with what you get so full
spoilers we follow Sarah who moves into
the second floor of an alien partment
complex by herself any pets you know
kinda it may be a one-bedroom but
everyone's chilling outside this place
it's like a little community where they
all get along and take care of each
other they've invited her to a party
one of the neighbors starts trying to
hit on her before actually putting a hit
on her
please do tries to go all-american
psycho but luckily saris Napster IKEA
chair and gets away but just doesn't get
out she's not going anywhere
it's crazy when you think about that she
left her overbearing controlling father
only to end up in a cult in their mind
they're trying to pitch this as a
community you know they even share a
book talking about the benefits which
I'm not denying you know it makes sense
and the olden days you pooped out a
dozen kids to help you on the farm and
the next thing you know you have your
own little league but this is a call
crazy is throwing away your only family
for a selfish fantasy Jerry knows
exactly how to fix bad conditioning one
I've been Janelle tv2 no you never
trusted Jerry into the only conditioning
my landlord should be focusing on is
they see the moment they strip you of
choice it's over and if they LeAnn's
save that nail for the coffin you have
to remember what it's like out there
everybody in their own separate world on
their little devices obsessed with
themselves this community somehow deems
who's worthy or broken enough to be with
them and in Sarah's case her leaving our
family to pursue her dreams in LA is
worthy of torch I mean helping her it's
for your own good they start by
observing all their social media and
start changing a life by cutting all
ties they set up sound waves like the
sanno silence in order for her place to
give her headaches thus ruining her
sleeping schedule and making it terrible
for her at work they threaten her
because of her cat pretty much it's
everything from the Kushner handbook and
while there are TED talks on the
foundations to community obviously
they're not to this degree I hope their
goal of breaking down someone to those
habits turn them into the person there's
supposed to be stems from this book by
Charles lrb which considering the ending
of all the properties being owned by
this man's company I would love to see a
prequel with an even bigger budget
breaking this down
therefore foundations are one
selflessness and two openness we don't
keep secrets so tell us about your first
sexual experience and then three
acceptance and four security with
surveillance easily being a job that's
going to employ a lot of people like
half the things I watch have main
characters already doing that as their
main job on top of that they also act
like the harga they punish each other
and then like the purge move on like
nothing ever happened they brand
themselves they let go of those that can
no longer help the community which I
disagree with grandma Esther doesn't
have to be out on the field but she can
Barbara Gordon
from home this and the cat in the oven
are probably the biggest complaints I
think audiences are gonna have with the
film yet these guys deem who can go out
into the cruel cruel world we have the
technology to change our nature we've
had it for decades Thorndike Watson
Pavlov Skinner all we've lacked is an
understanding of what changed - there
are influences from Polanski especially
with the tenant there's a little bit of
rosemary in there repulsion obviously
the Bible cuz when a nil are in you know
from then on she's never gonna be bed at
this game ever again so she Yanks her
hands and graduates they don't let her
know that her purpose is to fill the
void of Lester the molesters dead wife
y'all are gonna make a great couple
great parents and since they want him to
be our new daddy she has to turn her old
one away next time I want to see you is
that your funeral obviously we know that
Sarah's a pushover like like she's an
architect with no building blocks of
success clock out first we can't pay
overtime on this okay sure but while
there are qez are building up confidence
her ex co-worker lisa is the complete
opposite and it's a returning the second
half of the movie that I don't really
buy after the cult push Lisa away from
Sarah and almost got her fired you know
they were completely done boy I guess
the rent was too damn I and it was very
cheap eeeh because she that applies to
move in there as well
honestly story wise it feels like her
resilient spirit is there to just help
Sarah escape like it's just for her to
learn her lesson and gain the self
confidence but in reality I think
character like Lisa would've should have
lived through a crazy turn of events in
the last 15 minutes she's able to escape
by sticking it to Jerry shoots bad luck
Brian the cult that used violent tactics
to get their way or appalled Sarah's
doing the same to get her way and Lester
pulls a hoarder in order to help her
escape
by shooting himself before she's even
gone having read the script I knew it
was going to be intense but David and I
were fortunate to have some time
together before we started shooting
eliminated overall I think it's a decent
thriller to stream I can definitely see
the concept redone with an even bigger
budget so it can be properly fleshed out
but at the end of the day it has me
curious to see what Maura and Nicole
Blum do next so
if anything it's successful I'm putting
them on my radar in the end it's a
reminder that group mentality can make
people do foolish things check out the
sign of silence because it's a really
good movie check the terms of your lease
and take control of your life like Sara
who finally gains the confidence she
needs to run away and escape the space
in LA for the walkin in New York thank
you guys for checking out this video I'm
here to know your thoughts down below in
the comment section like I said I think
it's a fun thriller and there are a lot
of other virtual movies out if anything
I definitely want to put those on the
radar to see what you guys are checking
out I've been able to catch a bunch of
them and maybe I'll make a video
covering several of them some of them I
have covered in other festival vids but
I'm curious to know what other movies
you're checking out again I'd love to
see a sequel this Charles guy and see
I'll deep the world goals with these
properties and I was taken over and you
know they may even do a sequel that
hasn't going super global I wish we
could help someday but other than that
I'm curious to know your thoughts any
other Indies that you want to put on my
radar or any other movies that are just
standing out to you or even TV shows let
me know and so next time don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and we'll
send you an app for LME lofts